(GH-8628) Note PSCustomObject Count Behavior (#8639)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSCustomObject.md

System.Management.Automation.PSCustomObject
```

## Notes

> Calling `.Length` or its alias `.Count` on an object created by casting a
> **Hashtable** to `[pscustomobject]` returns `$null` in Windows PowerShell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Windows PowerShell, objects created by casting a **Hashtable** to
`[pscustomobject]` do not have the **Length** or **Count** properties.
Attempting to access these members returns `$null`.

For example:

```powershell
PS> $object = [PSCustomObject]@{key = 'value'}
PS> $object

key
---
value

PS> $object.Count
PS> $object.Length
```
```
